[Music]
By integrating Iconic with Cutting Room,
you can seamlessly publish videos
directly from Cutting Room to Iconic
while also accessing and editing all
your Iconic content within Cutting Room.
Before setting up the integration, you
need to ensure that you have an
application token and a storage ready in
Iconic. To generate an application
token, log into Iconic and navigate to
admin settings and then application
token. Here you can either copy an
existing token or create a new one by
clicking new application in the top
right
corner, naming the
application, and optionally assigning a
user.
Next, you need to set up storage in
iconic. Click on storage in the lefth
hand sidebar. Then select new storage in
the top right corner. Several fields
must be filled in. First, give your
storage a name. Then select file under
storage purpose. And finally, choose S3
as the storage type. For this guide, we
will use Back Blaze as the S3 connector,
but any S3 compatible storage solution
will work. Enter the required details,
including access key, secret key, bucket
name, region, and endpoint. You must
also decide whether to grant read
access, write access, or both, and
verify the
connection. If you need assistance
setting up an S3 connector, check out
our YouTube tutorials for
guidance. Before proceeding to cutting
room, you need to edit the storage
settings in Iconic. Click on the three
dots next to the storage you just
created. Go to transcode settings and
grant Iconic permission to create
proxies of your video and image
files. Now you're ready to integrate
Iconic with Cutting Room. Open settings
in Cutting Room. Go to integrations and
select Iconic. Give your integration a
name to help identify it. Then choose
whether to share the integration with
others or keep it private. Next, return
to Iconic, copy the application token,
and paste it into Cutting
Room. You will then need to select a
preferred source, either proxy or
original. If you enable distribution,
you will need to log in to Iconic within
Cutting Room, allowing you to render and
send videos back to Iconic. If
distribution is turned off, this option
will not be available. The storage you
created earlier will now be available in
Cutting Room, and you can save the
integration to complete the setup. Once
the integration is set up, you will find
Iconic listed in the source panel inside
the Cutting Room editor. This allows you
to browse, edit, and version your videos
directly from iconic within cutting
room. Since we have granted right
permission, you can also send videos
back to Iconic. To do this, first create
your video. Once you're satisfied with
the result, render it. You will see
Iconic appear at the top. Click on it.
Now, if you're happy with the title, you
can choose if you want to export the
video directly into a collection in
Iconic or not. Select an output and
click export to Iconic. After a short
while, your video will appear in Iconic,
ready for further use.
[Music]